Hello, freak bitches. I want to know how he got or the.
Story of how he got in. Is there, is there a video out.
There? Scientology, Scientology?
How did he get in? Like what happened?
That's a good question. I think somebody recruited him from a movie. He was.
Good though. He was in movies. He was in
[inaudible] the guy who made that happen.
[inaudible] who got him.
Let lists on Scientology. There's like season four.
The remedy. She did my.
Podcast. She talked about it. You know, when I first met her,
she was deep in it. She was with Kevin, James. She was on king and Queens.
And that's when I first met her that he was like, she's a Scientologist.
It's like, whoa, she's really nice. She's very cool, man. That's just a cutie.
To mind control experiment. That's all that is. Yeah. Well.
Somebody figured out how to control people long time ago.
It's called come up with a set of rules and say that this is like,
someone's looking out for this set of rules, whether it's God or it's Buddha or.
[Inaudible] create a mythology, do this, do that. And people follow it. Yeah.
So the crazy thing is the stuff that, you know, it's nothing but reports of,
uh.
Child abuse. It just.
Yeah. It's one of the big problems with Colts, you know, wanting to Joey Diaz,
his ex-girlfriends was in a call like when she was a kid. And she said that, uh,
the guy was the head of the call. Molested everybody. Of course less.
It all the girls. Yeah. Molested. He wanted to everybody's white. Yeah.
It's all just that's who starts? Yeah. Well that's all these calls.
That's what happened. [inaudible].
David Koresh has. That's a crazy thing, David.
Koresh. They shut that. Ship the down. We're allowing this to happen. It's like,
we want it to happen. It's like, it's a CIA MK ultra experiment. Wait,
what do you.
Mean?
[inaudible] well, I realized [inaudible] look at the time.
[inaudible] let me feed the beast. I love writers. I don't know.
[inaudible] and when you look into it, you got to look in that. Yeah.
We'll get into it. I've been looking into it. Think about this. Think about it.
How crazy that religion is. Think about that. Think about how.
It's allowed to survive and thrive. Scientology.
Even better. I'll do you one better Scientology. Doesn't have to pay taxes.
They figured out a way [inaudible].
Hold.
On. I'll tell you, I'll tell you the actual facts.
I'll tell you the actual fact,
they organized a massive lawsuit campaign against the IRS.
And they said that if you can say that all these different religions,
whether it's Catholicism or Mormonism,
Mormonism has very questionable backgrounds.
Mormonism was started by Joseph Smith, who was a known con man. I mean,
Mormonism of course it's yeah. There's there's like he found it when he was 14.
He said he found golden tablets that contained the loss work of Jesus.
And only he could read them. Cause he had a magic sear stone.
Like when you look at the actual, what you're talking about,
a guy who we know the guy, right? So Scientology was like, well,
so what if you can take that if you'd take Mormonism,
like why can't we get tax exempt status? And they said, no, you.
You're not a real religion. And I'm like. If, if,
if anything is a religion where religion and that sense, I support them.
I don't think, I think all religions should have to pay taxes.
But I think that if anybody gets a free ride,
Scientologists should get a free ride.
If you're going to have this goofy loophole and then they qualify.
Just [inaudible] Mormons, get.
Up to that's. What happened? Any is massive lawsuits. It was,
and this is all you could find it. I saw,
I saw the documentary filed a shitload of lawsuits and the IRS was.
So I'm, I'll go and clear the dock. It's so amazing books. Amazing doc.
It's a great book. The books even better. Great.
Because it goes into the history book everything's allowed to happen.
The thing is no one could pay attention to everything everything's allowed to
happen all the time.
And then once we find out that something's happening and it's like, okay,
now what [inaudible] anyway,
you can't shut down a religion where you can't shut down.
Anybody's freedom of speech. If you have an ideology,
your freedom of expression, your ability to gather and talk.
All I know is if, if I had a country to run, I would start.
If I was running the country,
I would start Colts and have mind control experiment.
I would too,
but I wouldn't have time in between negotiating oil deals and trying to figure
out whether or not we should stay.
In tomato and prime in Paris, climate control.
I know what you're saying. And in a way, in my way, you're right. But.
No one has the time to do not enough to micromanage the entire world.
They're too busy, right?
It's just, there's there's only so.
Much. You can let people take care of themselves.
I guess you could let people take care of themselves. Illuminati got key.
It's got enough time for my control experiments. There's too much going on.
Well, they definitely have done some control experiments too.
That's part of the problem around a country. I'm thinking of
[inaudible] comic book guy, right? It's comic books. I would definitely
[inaudible]. You're going to start a religion. You're gonna
start a religion. You're going to start a real in
this way. And we're going to just watch mastermind. Who is I want to know from you and you better tell me my country 500 years. Hold on, hold on. You know it,
you.
Have a question, Brian, you better tell me this. Cause I know,
you know the answer, but as a dictator, I want you to know.
I want to know right now on this podcast, who's running this country.
I have no idea. Come on bro. I don't.
Know. Give me a little idea. Cause I know you gotta, I don't know, bro.
You're out. You're playing dumb right now.
And I guess I'm going to ask a Satan based on nothing but
circumstantial evidence. I'm going to Oprah. I believe the guests.
Uh.
Educated guys control the banks. That's I don't know who would they be?
Roth trials. I don't know. I could be wrong.
That could be could no, no.
I looked up on the day.
And the Ross child's like a family. Here's what's hilarious.
It's 1 billion to like 70 trillion.
700 Trillion, 700 billion or trillion 700 billion number.
The amount of money they own. It's either a billion or a hundred percent real.
Oh, a hundred percent. There's a family that owns all the banks. No.
There is a family that has a considerable amount of money.
They pass down from generation to generation. And these, these.
[Inaudible], we don't know. We don't know. That's what they say. Okay. Hold on.
They say between 1 billion and 700 million, it says 500 trillion. Do.
They even exist? Now do the rough Charles even exists?
That could be a conspiracy. Can I say one thing? The Rothschilds or hoax? Okay.
Think about.
The Rothschilds. When,
when you talk about the Ross Charles and these different big families,
if there's one thing in common, it's a hoax. Nope. Follow me on this.
If you hear it. Nope. They're all Jewish. And by the way, it comes up.
If you look at their roots, if you look at the roots of these, a lot of these,
a lot of these rumors, a lot of these rumors and conspiracies,
they start in the,
the free male Nazi camps and the ultra right wing camps.
And a lot of the antisemitic anti you know.
History goes way back. That goes way back.
Into Europe. That goes way back with the Nazi.
So just be careful where these things come from. You'll find that their roots.
And I know, I don't know your, but their roots,
their roots sometimes start in really awful places. So.
You should read a book every now and then, Hey, listen.
I got some books for you, Lawrence, right?
The guy has had clear and the looming tower to.
The plant paradox, which I'm reading now about food. Very interesting.
Unless it benefits me to believe something, unless I make.
Money from it. Like I say, [inaudible].
You're a idiot. You know? Like what if I believe this dude, you could be,
your kids could be go to college. If you want to make measurable.
If you just sign off and say, you believe it like, uh, that's not,
what's going to happen. Is it illegal? If I don't believe it? Well,
I get thrown in jail. No. Then I don't want to, if I don't want to believe.
If it, if it doesn't hurt me, I, it shouldn't be.
Uh, such a big deal. That's you know, that's I don't know what to believe, man.
I don't know if the Rothschilds are real. I don't know. Reptilians of real.
I don't know. Satanism is real. I don't know. One thing I'd say.
Is learning,
getting closer to the truth can be achieved by looking at all the
independent lines of inquiry. All the lines.
Come to one consensus come to the truth. Brian Kelly. Yeah.
I'm saying you're trying to tell me exactly how.
To, I'm just saying general I'm spelling I'm general.
Cause I would never tell you to get close. Probably come on, come on, man.
I'm talking about.
Let me say this because I think this is really important.
One of the problems that I've had me personally I've had with any idea is that
once I have an original idea,
or once I start looking at something in a certain way, I become married to it.
Yes. And I've had real problems with that.
And then all of us have this confirmation bias, which I understand.
But I'm just saying I've had real problems with that. Like personally,
where I had to look at like what I believed and go, well, why do I believe that?
And why, why do I think? And there's been a bunch of times,
whether it's through big foot or UFO's or, I mean,
I've looked at the JFK assassination, a hundred different times. You know,
there's been times when I said, well, maybe won't got lucky.
I mean like people do get lucky.
Like I I've shot the first animal I ever shot.
I shot at 200 yards and I probably shouldn't have hit it. And it dropped,
I could've that up. You know, you can, if you're aiming at something,
pull the trigger and hit the president in the back of the head. It is possible.
I don't think it did. It seems to me more like some other was going on.
If you look at all the different pieces of evidence, but I don't know, man.
And the problem with saying this happened, that happened,
which I used to do all the time is that you don't know. You don't know.
You don't know until you do know when you say, you know, and you might be wrong,
it becomes a ego thing. Yes. You can get closer.
To the truth. You can approximate. So hear scientists.
They always say it's so fascinating. Scientists start always with doubt.
And what they do is they always say, if you really cornerstone is they'll say,
well, this is the most likely, uh, based on the data I've looked at,
are there literature I've read carefully. This is the most likely possibility.
It's really a symbol. Hear how they talk that way.
Because like with global warming or anything, Kraus, uh,
listen, I've had him on my podcast. I listened to you,
both the podcast you had with him and try to read some of his books.
It was tough. But yes, book is rough dude.
When he starts to have to have a backyard symmetry when he was going to the
gauge symmetry and I up by opening up my podcast,
asking him to explain gauge symmetry. I know it's insane.
I got some medical physiques. I got, this is what I got some hole in your head.
I got that. There's.
A web, there's an invisible web. And we come into contact with it. W w we,
we become mass.
You stand as skeptical as we are of this. These are the same that put together.
The large Hadron Collider, Sierra spinning Adams,
just slightly under the speed of light,
slamming him into each other and recreating the very instances right after the
big bang. And they're doing that right? Crazy. There's a team of scientists.
How many? 130 countries. Yeah. Thousands. Thousands. I.
Feel like I find out how many, you guys all agree that Nikola Tesla was, uh,
a great scientist for.
Sure.
But you gotta remember the Nikola Tesla lived in a world where he was so far
ahead of the curve and there's very few people that were able to compete with
them or even understand what he was deejaying.
Okay. Do you know that if you go to YouTube and you punch in Nikola, Tesla,
hoax, fraud, nothing comes up.
That's amazing. That makes sense. That's also a guy.
That lives buddy, on the plan dispute trying to say all that was.
There's no, you go to YouTube. Punching Nikola, Tesla,
hoax fraud, not one video.
There's videos that come up that saying, uh, something else was a hoax. NYCLA.
Tessa proves it. Or, you know, Nixon, Nixon, Tesla proves hoax,
but not one video of anybody ever say Nicholas,
but, but.
This is just the fact you can take it or leave it put in Albert Einstein,
hoax, fraud, endless videos. It's free.
Videos. And they're like, wait a minute.
It's an Albert was an Albert Einstein time.
Magazine's man of the century. Okay. But let me stop. Okay.
Hold on a second. Let.
Me just help you here. You're getting very dramatic.
So let me stop for a second. If you put in, if you put in Holocaust hoax,
you'll get an equal number. Um, I'm not talking about, but you know,
that's true. If you put in Sandy hook hoax, you're getting an equal number.
You get it, you get a tremendous number of people to think that.
You're right. It's amazing.
Well, also not him.
How about people that don't think that Richard Pryor was genius.
Prior? Have you ever.
Met a comic once that doesn't think Richard Pryor is one of the greatest of all
time. They don't exist. There are videos.
Of people trying to prove that he was wasn't the.
Greatest. No, but I mean, look, I, I believe, you know, Nikola Tesla.
I don't think that Einstein was a hoax dude. It's not causation though.
I'm not, I don't know nothing. All I know is there's nothing on Nicholas Tesla.
No meaning, but there's thousands of Albert. I,
you look into his life like, oh,
besides the Tesla doesn't have.
That. Is he the only guy at.
Thomas Edison,
Thomas Edison was always accused of stealing the ideas of Nikola Tesla. In fact,
Thomas Edison, electrocuted an elephant in the middle of like, what was it?
The world science, Thomas, Thomas Edison, Thomas Jefferson, Thomas Edison,
electrocuted a elephants there's video because he wanted to prove that
alternating and direct current like ACDC, which is Tesla's idea.
There's video of an elephant electrocuted, not by Thomas
Denison's Thomas Edison did it.
The reason why he did it is to prove or to try to like it was propaganda against
Tesla's ideas, which are more advanced. He wanted a moveable,
like he wanted, he wanted there to be alternating currents and.
Tesla, Tesla, and Einstein were alive and kicking at the same time.
Tesla there's quotes. The quotes could be. You know, Tesla, Tesla,
several decades.
He thought Einstein was fraud. That could be a phrase that I've heard.
I've heard that, but there are quotes that can be of Tesla.
There's I keep, they keep popping up. No, no, no. Hold on. Hold on.
There's quotes.
Tesla quotes saying the theory of relativity is basically a joke
there's test. Hold on. No, no. What I'm saying is it could be,
but it keeps coming.
Up. We know that the theory of relativity is used, right?
So that we know that that's not so much a theory anymore,
but here's what I think that he's addressing.
So Einstein from what I have read is Einstein was a great mind,
but he was coming up at a time where he got most of the credit. He got,
he became very,
he became a famous scientist when there were a lot of scientists working on very
similar ideas.
An average scientist and contributing.
To, to the larger debate about, uh, um, uh, um,
what is it? New, uh, quantum physics, right?
There was also a big debate about their methods.
Whereas Tesla was a big fan of experiments.
Einstein was a big fan of equations and one of the big, big criticisms.
What does it say? What do you call it today?
What does this? Tesla's overrated, debunking Tesla.
Tesla's a popular figure in conspiracy culture. What does, what is it saying?
What is he saying?
[Inaudible] what is he saying? Yes. He said right.
Here, he says Tesla was a popular figure today,
but he's also a self publicist and this stuff he didn't invent.
No, not event alternate and current. Yeah.
He just was one of many people working on it. Okay. What,
he's probably one of the, for forefront minds, right?
Being a showman helped popularize too. She's so good at that. Eventually had to,
I don't know if he's right or not. [inaudible].
He said.
There's no one saying anything against him. [inaudible].
He's, he's a hundred percent official.
Story. He's not against not, he doesn't believe in that one country. No,
you're right.
A hundred percent. And that's one of my,
the only criticism that I had about that guy.
Like when we talked about the Gulf of Tonkin,
he doesn't want to even admit that Gulf and towers, a false flag
operation Northwest. He was trying to downplay. I'm like, look, man,
whether or not, you know what happened in any other place? Well, you know,
the joint chiefs of staff wrote down a memo saying what the plan was to
have Guantanamo bay attacked by Cuban friendlies that were going to give them
guns, give them bombs, have them attack Americans. He's always like, well,
it never was like implemented. I was like, this is, it doesn't matter.
They signed it. Kennedy had a veto. Yes, but Kennedy vetoed it.
That's why those checks and balances are in place. Like no, no, no.
The mindset behind the type of person that would want to blow up Americans
and blame it on the cube. And so we could justify it.
The founding fathers knew that there would always be people within the
government that would do anything they could.
And so that's where the checks and balances.
Course, they don't always go through perfectly that's. I mean, if,
if PR if Nixon was Reagan or, I mean,
if it was rather, if Kennedy rather was Reagan or Kennedy was Nixon,
he might very well have let that slide, who knows. I mean,
a different person in a different circumstance with a different view of the
world could have let the joint chiefs of staff pull that through.
So that shows you the mindset, right?
So the mindset's undeniable that people absolutely do conspire.
So when you're a guy who never believes in conspiracies,
you do just as much damage as a guy who always believes in kids.
So Alexander Hamilton said that it's not just a king.
You have to worry about it's your actual government that's been elected.
So just because you're parliament, he was using problem as an example,
just because Prama was voted in doesn't mean that small group of people will not
get power hungry and drunk.
So therefore you've got to have all these checks and balances.
You've got to have courts,
you've got all kinds of things and you have to have a Senate and a house of
representatives. This is where these ideas came from.
That's what the genius of those guys. Okay.